Irene, you look so handsome.
No, no, no, no.
Those came out so nice.
I think it's you.
Let me see if you're still somewhere else.
Sorry, Olivia.
Are you okay?
Yeah, it's okay, Sue.
I'm so sorry, boys.
Um, I'm almost dead.
That was the last box.
Dad, are there some wedding photos?
Let me see.
Look at this.
Olivia?
I know.
This is all new, baby.
Be patient.
Can I cut in?
Yeah, sure.
Thanks.
What's wrong?
Where's the desk?
We had to get rid of it.
This one's better for everyone.
You mean it's better for him?
For Max?
What are you saying?
What do you care?
Don't talk to me like that.
Get back here.
Hey, Olivia.
What do you think about the desk?
Come here, sweetie.
Come here.
So you never forget that I love you.
I hope you like it.
It's okay, Mom.
You didn't know.
Dad did that for her just before he died.
Anything I can do to help.
Romans 1210.
And showing honor to one another.
Take the lead.
Olivia, I made your favorite tonight.
Thank you.
I wanted to tell you I didn't handle that so well today.
You had good reason to be upset about the desk.
Mom, you didn't know.
It's just one of those things that Dad did just for me.
I know he's my subdad now, but I just wish he would have checked first.
It wasn't Max.
It was me.
I wanted a surprise Max with a place for him to do his work.
So he didn't make you get rid of the desk?
No.
I just thought you both didn't care.
I will never, ever stop caring about you.
Hey, Steve.
Yeah, I'm sorry I was late to the meeting.
I should have been there to help out with my assignment.
Yeah, we got delayed.
We're late.
Let's go, kids.
Yeah, family's fine.
Everybody's adjusting really well.
Anyone see my glasses?
Anyone?
I mean, we might be a little out of sync, but I don't know.
Every family has their issues, right?
You got on sign off?
Hey, well, thanks for understanding.
All right.
Okay, take care.
All right, bye-bye.
I don't know.
What do you think?
We all have to work on it.
I know I need to.
Why don't we approach it that way with the kids?
Just be open with them.
That sounds like a good idea.
Okay, so Irene and I have been talking about communication
in our family.
We want to talk about our phones and other devices.
You're not talking about me, are you?
I don't know that.
I know that we can all be more balanced, but you can't take them away.
I haven't done anything bad.
I have responsibilities.
Hold on.
You're always on your phone, too.
That's true.
It's okay.
Let's just talk about it.
All right.
Sue.
Can you read Ephesians 5, 15, and 16 for us, please?
So keep strict watch that how you walk is not as unwise,
but as wise persons,
keeping the best use of your time,
because the days are wicked.
So, how do you think we're doing with our phones and other devices?
It isn't that what you're doing on your devices is wrong.
Exactly, but could it be taking time away from more important things,
like talking to each other,
and in that way affecting even how we're talking to each other?
Yeah.
I think it'd be smart to have some boundaries then.
Yeah, okay.
Okay.
Let's talk about how we can do that.
I love you.
Hey.
Evidently, I haven't figured out how to talk to her about her clothes yet.
I need your help.
I got this one.
I know, but it's all about good spiritual judgment.
Do you think that these trends reflect Jehovah's view of respectable dress?
I know that you'll do the right thing.
While we're all here,
I know we all have different views on punctuality,
but I really need your help,
so I can take care of some of my responsibilities.
You think we can meet in the middle?
Yeah.
All right.
Great.
The last few weeks of family worship have been nice.
Right?
Yeah.
All these things we ask in praying, Jesus' name.
Amen.
Okay, this week.
We are in chapter five.
Yeah.
That's right.
And last week gave bread, so this week...
It's suster.
That's right.
Okay, the point here is that when it comes...
Honey.
Maybe an illustration would be better.
Okay.
It's like a bird.
Well, hopefully I was able to clear that up for you a little bit of Olivia.
Yeah, thank you.
Well, actually, Max, that's not true.
We had an updated understanding in the recent watch tower.
Thanks.
I think they went really well.
Right?
Um...
Actually...
Hey.
Maybe we can talk about it later.
Want some tea?
Sure.
Hey, babe.
You and me.
We're a team, right?
Yeah, of course.
When I read this, I thought about us.
So that they are no longer two, but one flesh.
I know before you had to shoulder everything yourself for so long.
And you did great.
You've been raising two beautiful spiritual kids on your own.
But now you have me.
Yeah, I do.
So, do you think sometimes we're not a team?
Well, it's just sometimes during a family worship.
I get excited and I jump in.
I know.
I'm just so used to doing it after all these years.
I know you're not trying to take over and listen.
I love the way you teach.
I see how you can reach the kids in ways that I can't.
Just let me guide it.
And I'll make sure you can do that.
Thanks, honey.
Thanks for your patience.
No, thank you for your patience.
I'm a work in progress, but we make a great team.
Why don't we look at what we're going to cover before our next family worship?
That sounds great.
Hi.
Hi, babe.
So, what's for family worship this week?
I think I got some good ideas.
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
Thank you for reading that.
She's got to ask the question.
We'll just do that.
So, a paragraph 13 of 14, how can we be generous?
Anybody?
Now, the footnote that we just read really helps us to appreciate the definition of that quality.
Without the definition, we're left to wonder exactly what it is and how it connects
to the other things that we've discussed this evening.
Again, can you go ahead and read the next one for us?
The Bible contains many examples of submissive individuals.
So, are there examples?
Sue?
Yeah.
That's right.
When we talk about examples, where do we start?
There's examples in the past.
There's even examples presently.
And we could even be examples.
That's the power of them.
Let's keep going.
That was a lot of reading.
I know, right?
I want to enjoy family worship.
But I feel like the things that we are covering are just really not what I need right now.
Yeah.
You know, I just don't know if this is what they need right now.
We'll keep working on it.
March 15, 2014, Watch Tower.
Family worship, can you make it more enjoyable?
The worship of Jehovah should not be boring.
Address the needs of each family member.
Babe, what do our kids need?
What's actually going on in their lives?
Family worship needs to include that.
Maybe we need to pay more attention to what's going on with them.
Talk to them.
Listen to them.
When will you send your link to a great Watch Tower article?
I can't wait to read it.
Max and I changed our approach.
We found out what mattered to our kids.
Like friends.
Adjusting to a blended family.
Dating.
So we turned things around and used family worship to focus on what our kids really needed.
And to prepare ourselves for possible future trials.
Good night, tell.
Good night.
Family worship was cool.
It was.
I'm glad you liked it.
Thank you.
Good night, Cha.
Good night.
Hey, guess what?
What?
I applied to Bethel.
You did?
Yep.
That's really exciting.
I'm proud of you.
Thanks.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
Hey, selfie time, everybody.
All right, on three.
We're going to say Bethel, okay?
All right.
One, two, three.
Bethel.
We've come a long way.
And through it all, Jehovah has taught us to love.
And he's given our family peace.